TODO:
-----
Play connected audio?

Typescript?
Add debug/watching
Add live compile
Dinky icons for Unreal 
Set up Github auto building/blockmaps/update checker
Code signing (costs money!)

Done:
----
Test from Knot
Testing.
Add Search/Replace
Add Find in Files
Add Replace in Files
Save window positions and size
Fix when a project is loaded without a root ink
Fix window menu
Lucide icons
Rename ink file button
Add zoom in / zoom out / reset zoom for every window, make persistent
Add spellchecker/dictionary
BUG: Close button missing for Search/Replace on Windows
BUG: Closing main window didn't exit if Test window wasn't closed.
BUG: Installer not working on Windows
Settings menu
BUG: # or // at the end of a line breaks coloring
BUG: Switching theme causes a JS error
BUG: Copying deletes IDs. Would be better in pasting.
Hide IDs (+preferences)
Autogenerate IDs
Somehow tooltip IDs?
Line ID handling
Line ID searching
Icons for app and for Installer
Associate .dinkproj files with Dinky
Add Dink syntax checking and highlighting
Add character validation
Add Ad-hoc mode for directly opening Ink files.
BUG: Quick fix Add Character not available on Windows
BUG: Include line didn't get added.
BUG: Dink IDs not providing a file prefix to start.
BUG: Moving lines seems to add IDs to knot names.
BUG: No Dinky line highlight for choices
BUG: No Dinky line highlight for -
Dictionary improvements
Style test for dialogue
BUG: On windows, the settings panel has no padding around the edges.
BUG: Compile errors in Ink have stopped appearing on the correct line.
BUG: Dinky runtime include path handling of an include inside an include doesn't seem to work the same as Inky.
Navigate knot/stitch
Back / forward location in editor
Add error check bars and navigation
BUG: settings menu wrong theme
Add run Dink Compiler
Add WS error-checking
Add character list
Move spelling to project
BUG: Seems to still show Electron icon in taskbar on Windows?
BUG: On Windows, the About menu is missing.
BUG: IDs being created for a line with a literal string passed to a function
BUG: New project template was broken.
Improvements to tokeniser and coloring for Ink conditionals.
BUG: Possible spellchecking happening on code lines - needs investigation.
Scratch audio recording
Added tooltips
When a new line is added, set record icon red
Doc: update settings page
Make button icons more readable
Mark scratch audio as ok
Rerecord scratch / next / prev
Line icons
BUG: No folder selected should = .
BUG: IDs with - in are not correctly parsed
BUG: Sometimes spelling mistakes are highlighted on the correct line, but also at the end of the following line.
BUG: Multiple IDs shown after pasting.
BUG: Remove IDs when the line is no long eligible.
BUG: In the light mode, the yellow text is not visible against the white background.
BUG: When adding a new include file, a line is added to the ink root to include the file (e.g. "INCLUDE scene1.ink"). But the ink root might already have that line, so adding a second one causes a compile error. The program should check whether the ink root file has an include line before adding one.
BUG: Relatedly: If the ink root text is edited but not saved, and then an include file is added, the file reverts to the saved version and the edits are lost. (presumably because the include button is adding an "INLCUDE" line to the ink root). It could check with the user whether they want to save the ink root before including a file.
BUG: Character names not recognised in shuffles
BUG: Character name completion didn't work in gathers and brackets
BUG: Windows path issue in project settings

NOTES:
------
Remember NVM use for the correct version of Node